Let me show you the details of this transaction.
If there is no problem, I will do it like this.
Yeah, sure.
Miss Li
The doctor said you can only eat liquid food recently
I made chicken soup
I have no strength in my hands
Could you please feed me?
Let me do it, Miss Li
Hmm, no.
I suddenly remembered
The company has something to deal with now
Yes, Miss Lin, Mr. Gu is bothering you now?
Mr. Gu, I will leave first
Is it so sudden?
Yes, yes, yes.
Very anxious very anxious
How did it go?
I'm just gonna go wash this
miss
The doctor said it's time for you to leave the hospital
In that case
Let's clear it up in three taels, right?
What do you mean?
It means I won't be coming back again.
Why is that?
Haven't we gotten along very well this month?
Get along well
But you got hurt because of me
That's why I take care of you
You are better now.
I should go too
I miss you
Wait a minute, I admit I didn't do it well.
Can you give me another chance?
I will compensate you well.
Gu Yiming has been entangled with him like this
It's better to make a break as soon as possible
I'm ready to start a new life
If you really want to make up for me
Just respect my choice